@name wolframe-0.0.1
@cwd /
@srcdir PKG/wolframe-0.0.1
usr/pkg/lib/wolframe/libhpdf.a
usr/pkg/lib/wolframe/libhpdf.so.2.2.1
usr/pkg/lib/wolframe/libhpdf.so.2
usr/pkg/lib/wolframe/libhpdf.so
usr/pkg/lib/wolframe/libcjson.a
usr/pkg/lib/wolframe/liblua.a
usr/pkg/lib/wolframe/liblua.so.5.2.0
usr/pkg/lib/wolframe/liblua.so.5
usr/pkg/lib/wolframe/liblua.so
usr/pkg/lib/wolframe/libwolframe.a
usr/pkg/lib/wolframe/libwolframe.so.0.0.0
usr/pkg/lib/wolframe/libwolframe.so.0
usr/pkg/lib/wolframe/libwolframe.so
usr/pkg/lib/wolframe/libwolframe_serialize.a
usr/pkg/lib/wolframe/libwolframe_serialize.so.0.0.0
usr/pkg/lib/wolframe/libwolframe_serialize.so.0
usr/pkg/lib/wolframe/libwolframe_serialize.so
usr/pkg/lib/wolframe/libwolframe_database.a
usr/pkg/lib/wolframe/libwolframe_database.so.0.0.0
usr/pkg/lib/wolframe/libwolframe_database.so.0
usr/pkg/lib/wolframe/libwolframe_database.so
usr/pkg/lib/wolframe/libwolframe_langbind.a
usr/pkg/lib/wolframe/libwolframe_langbind.so.0.0.0
usr/pkg/lib/wolframe/libwolframe_langbind.so.0
usr/pkg/lib/wolframe/libwolframe_langbind.so
usr/pkg/lib/wolframe/modules/mod_db_postgresql.so
usr/pkg/lib/wolframe/modules/mod_db_sqlite3.so
usr/pkg/lib/wolframe/modules/mod_audit_database.so
usr/pkg/lib/wolframe/modules/mod_audit_textfile.so
usr/pkg/lib/wolframe/modules/mod_auth_database.so
usr/pkg/lib/wolframe/modules/mod_auth_textfile.so
usr/pkg/lib/wolframe/modules/mod_auth_sasl.so
usr/pkg/lib/wolframe/modules/mod_authz_database.so
usr/pkg/lib/wolframe/modules/mod_filter_blob.so
usr/pkg/lib/wolframe/modules/mod_filter_textwolf.so
usr/pkg/lib/wolframe/modules/mod_filter_token.so
usr/pkg/lib/wolframe/modules/mod_filter_char.so
usr/pkg/lib/wolframe/modules/mod_filter_line.so
usr/pkg/lib/wolframe/modules/mod_filter_libxml2.so
usr/pkg/lib/wolframe/modules/mod_filter_cjson.so
usr/pkg/lib/wolframe/modules/mod_normalize_number.so
usr/pkg/lib/wolframe/modules/mod_ddlcompiler_simpleform.so
usr/pkg/lib/wolframe/modules/mod_normalize_base64.so
usr/pkg/lib/wolframe/modules/mod_normalize_string.so
usr/pkg/lib/wolframe/modules/mod_normalize_locale.so
usr/pkg/lib/wolframe/modules/mod_command_directmap.so
usr/pkg/lib/wolframe/modules/mod_command_lua.so
usr/pkg/lib/wolframe/modules/mod_command_python.so
usr/pkg/lib/wolframe/modules/mod_job_schedule_db.so
usr/pkg/lib/wolframe/modules/mod_datatype_datetime.so
usr/pkg/lib/wolframe/modules/mod_datatype_bcdnumber.so
usr/pkg/lib/wolframe/modules/mod_graphix.so
usr/pkg/lib/wolframe/modules/mod_print_harupdf.so
@dirrm usr/pkg/lib/wolframe/modules
usr/pkg/lib/wolframe/libwolframe_client.a
usr/pkg/lib/wolframe/libwolframe_client.so.0.0.0
usr/pkg/lib/wolframe/libwolframe_client.so.0
usr/pkg/lib/wolframe/libwolframe_client.so
usr/pkg/lib/wolframe/libfreeimageplus.a
usr/pkg/lib/wolframe/libfreeimageplus.so.3.15.4
usr/pkg/lib/wolframe/libfreeimageplus.so.3
usr/pkg/lib/wolframe/libfreeimageplus.so
usr/pkg/lib/wolframe/libfreeimage.a
usr/pkg/lib/wolframe/libfreeimage.so.3.15.4
usr/pkg/lib/wolframe/libfreeimage.so.3
usr/pkg/lib/wolframe/libfreeimage.so
@dirrm usr/pkg/lib/wolframe
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/libhpdf/hpdf_3dmeasure.h
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/libhpdf/hpdf_annotation.h
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/libhpdf/hpdf_catalog.h
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/libhpdf/hpdf_conf.h
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/libhpdf/hpdf_config.h
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/libhpdf/hpdf_consts.h
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/libhpdf/hpdf_destination.h
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/libhpdf/hpdf_doc.h
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/libhpdf/hpdf_encoder.h
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/libhpdf/hpdf_encryptdict.h
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/libhpdf/hpdf_encrypt.h
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/libhpdf/hpdf_error.h
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/libhpdf/hpdf_exdata.h
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/libhpdf/hpdf_ext_gstate.h
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/libhpdf/hpdf_fontdef.h
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/libhpdf/hpdf_font.h
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/libhpdf/hpdf_gstate.h
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/libhpdf/hpdf.h
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/libhpdf/hpdf_image.h
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/libhpdf/hpdf_info.h
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/libhpdf/hpdf_list.h
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/libhpdf/hpdf_mmgr.h
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/libhpdf/hpdf_namedict.h
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/libhpdf/hpdf_objects.h
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/libhpdf/hpdf_outline.h
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/libhpdf/hpdf_page_label.h
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/libhpdf/hpdf_pages.h
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/libhpdf/hpdf_pdfa.h
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/libhpdf/hpdf_streams.h
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/libhpdf/hpdf_types.h
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/libhpdf/hpdf_u3d.h
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/libhpdf/hpdf_utils.h
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/libhpdf/hpdf_version.h
@dirrm usr/pkg/include/wolframe/libhpdf
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/cjson/cJSON.h
@dirrm usr/pkg/include/wolframe/cjson
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/lua/lauxlib.h
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/lua/lua.h
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/lua/lua.hpp
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/lua/luaconf.h
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/lua/lualib.h
@dirrm usr/pkg/include/wolframe/lua
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/libclient/connection.hpp
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/libclient/exportable.hpp
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/libclient/protocol.hpp
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/libclient/session.hpp
@dirrm usr/pkg/include/wolframe/libclient
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/appConfig.hpp
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/appDevel.hpp
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/appProperties.hpp
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/logger-v1.hpp
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/standardConfigs.hpp
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/version.hpp
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/langbind/appObjects.hpp
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/langbind/authorization.hpp
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/langbind/cppFormFunction.hpp
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/langbind/ddlCompilerInterface.hpp
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/langbind/formFunction.hpp
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/langbind/runtimeEnvironment.hpp
@dirrm usr/pkg/include/wolframe/langbind
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/protocol/buffers.hpp
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/protocol/ioblocks.hpp
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/protocol/iterators.hpp
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/protocol/parser.hpp
@dirrm usr/pkg/include/wolframe/protocol
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/cmdbind/authCommandHandler.hpp
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/cmdbind/commandHandler.hpp
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/cmdbind/contentBufferCommandHandlerEscDLF.hpp
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/cmdbind/discardInputCommandHandlerEscDLF.hpp
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/cmdbind/doctypeFilterCommandHandler.hpp
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/cmdbind/execCommandHandler.hpp
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/cmdbind/ioFilterCommandHandler.hpp
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/cmdbind/ioFilterCommandHandlerEscDLF.hpp
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/cmdbind/lineCommandHandler.hpp
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/cmdbind/commandHandlerConstructor.hpp
@dirrm usr/pkg/include/wolframe/cmdbind
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/database/DBprovider.hpp
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/database/database.hpp
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/database/databaseError.hpp
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/database/databaseLanguage.hpp
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/database/loadTransactionProgram.hpp
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/database/transaction.hpp
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/database/transactionFunction.hpp
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/database/transactionInput.hpp
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/database/transactionOutput.hpp
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/database/transactionExecStatemachine.hpp
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/database/statement.hpp
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/database/baseStatement.hpp
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/database/substitutingStatement.hpp
@dirrm usr/pkg/include/wolframe/database
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/config/ConfigurationTree.hpp
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/config/configurationBase.hpp
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/config/programBase.hpp
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/config/structSerialize.hpp
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/config/valueParser.hpp
@dirrm usr/pkg/include/wolframe/config
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/logger/logBackend.hpp
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/logger/logError.hpp
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/logger/logLevel.hpp
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/logger/logObject.hpp
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/logger/logSyslogFacility.hpp
@dirrm usr/pkg/include/wolframe/logger
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/utils/conversions.hpp
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/utils/fileUtils.hpp
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/utils/getPassword.hpp
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/utils/parseUtils.hpp
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/utils/printFormats.hpp
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/utils/stringUtils.hpp
@dirrm usr/pkg/include/wolframe/utils
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/serialize/mapContext.hpp
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/serialize/structOptionParser.hpp
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/serialize/tostringUtils.hpp
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/serialize/serializationErrorException.hpp
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/serialize/struct/filtermapBase.hpp
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/serialize/struct/filtermapDescription.hpp
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/serialize/struct/filtermapParse.hpp
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/serialize/struct/filtermapParseStack.hpp
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/serialize/struct/filtermapParseValue.hpp
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/serialize/struct/filtermapPrintValue.hpp
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/serialize/struct/filtermapProperty.hpp
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/serialize/struct/filtermapSerialize.hpp
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/serialize/struct/filtermapSerializeStack.hpp
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/serialize/struct/filtermapTraits.hpp
@dirrm usr/pkg/include/wolframe/serialize/struct
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/serialize/ddl/filtermapDDLParse.hpp
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/serialize/ddl/filtermapDDLParseStack.hpp
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/serialize/ddl/filtermapDDLSerialize.hpp
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/serialize/ddl/filtermapDDLSerializeStack.hpp
@dirrm usr/pkg/include/wolframe/serialize/ddl
@dirrm usr/pkg/include/wolframe/serialize
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/processor/jobSchedule.hpp
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/module/moduleDirectory.hpp
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/module/moduleInterface.hpp
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/processor/procProvider.hpp
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/processor/userInterface.hpp
@dirrm usr/pkg/include/wolframe/processor
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/filter/bufferingfilter.hpp
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/filter/contentfilterAttributes.hpp
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/filter/filter.hpp
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/filter/filterbase.hpp
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/filter/inputfilter.hpp
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/filter/inputfilterScope.hpp
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/filter/null_filter.hpp
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/filter/outputfilter.hpp
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/filter/ptreefilter.hpp
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/filter/singlefilter.hpp
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/filter/tostringfilter.hpp
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/filter/typedfilter.hpp
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/filter/typedfilterScope.hpp
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/filter/typingfilter.hpp
@dirrm usr/pkg/include/wolframe/filter
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/types/allocators.hpp
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/types/atomicCounter.hpp
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/types/base64.h
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/types/base64.hpp
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/types/byte2hex.h
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/types/countedReference.hpp
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/types/doctype.hpp
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/types/form.hpp
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/types/integer.hpp
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/types/keymap.hpp
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/types/malloc.hpp
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/types/normalizeFunction.hpp
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/types/traits.hpp
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/types/typeSignature.hpp
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/types/variant.hpp
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/types/variantStruct.hpp
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/types/variantStructDescription.hpp
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/types/customDataType.hpp
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/types/datetime.hpp
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/types/syncCounter.hpp
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/types/syncObjectList.hpp
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/types/bignumber.hpp
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/types/customDataNormalizer.hpp
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/types/string.hpp
@dirrm usr/pkg/include/wolframe/types
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/AAAA/AAAAinformation.hpp
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/AAAA/AAAAprovider.hpp
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/AAAA/CRAM.hpp
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/AAAA/audit.hpp
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/AAAA/authentication.hpp
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/AAAA/authorization.hpp
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/AAAA/password.hpp
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/AAAA/user.hpp
@dirrm usr/pkg/include/wolframe/AAAA
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/module/cppFormFunctionBuilder.hpp
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/module/constructor.hpp
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/module/ddlcompilerBuilder.hpp
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/module/filterBuilder.hpp
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/module/normalizeFunctionBuilder.hpp
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/module/programTypeBuilder.hpp
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/module/customDataTypeBuilder.hpp
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/module/runtimeEnvironmentConstructor.hpp
@dirrm usr/pkg/include/wolframe/module
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/prgbind/ddlProgram.hpp
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/prgbind/normalizeProgram.hpp
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/prgbind/program.hpp
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/prgbind/programLibrary.hpp
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/prgbind/transactionProgram.hpp
@dirrm usr/pkg/include/wolframe/prgbind
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/crypto/HMAC.h
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/crypto/HMAC.hpp
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/crypto/PBKDF2.h
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/crypto/PBKDF2.hpp
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/crypto/md5.h
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/crypto/sha1.h
usr/pkg/include/wolframe/crypto/sha2.h
@dirrm usr/pkg/include/wolframe/crypto
@dirrm usr/pkg/include/wolframe
usr/pkg/bin/wolfpasswd
usr/pkg/bin/wolfilter
usr/pkg/bin/wolfwizard
usr/pkg/bin/wolframec
usr/pkg/sbin/wolframed
usr/pkg/etc/wolframe/wolframe.conf
@dirrm usr/pkg/etc/wolframe
usr/pkg/man/man5/wolframe.conf.5.gz
usr/pkg/man/man8/wolframed.8.gz
usr/pkg/man/man1/wolfpasswd.1.gz
@mode 0775
usr/pkg/share/examples/rc.d/wolframed
@mode
